TELCODOCS-347-SNO-DU-INSTALL (#42471)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/sno-du-configuring-the-klusterlet-addon.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// *scalability_and_performance/sno-du-deploying-clusters-on-single-nodes.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="sno-du-configuring-the-klusterlet-addon_{context}"]
= Configuring the Klusterlet addon

> The following configuration enables the certificate policy manager. This is only applicable if the
> configuration is managed by {rh-rhacm-first}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following configuration enables the ACM policy controller for the cluster. This CR is only applicable if the
configuration is managed by {rh-rhacm-first}.
```

Author: changed.
